In this tutorial, we'll add some background sounds.
Create a new folder in the sound directory. Let's call it ambient.
The first SoundCue will be responsible for the background sound of the game, let's call it SC_GameAmbient.
The second SoundCue will play in the background in the main menu. We call it SC_MenuAmbient.
We open assets.
Also note that our default sound class is now set by default.
Let's create an additional sound class for background sounds.
Let's call it SC_Ambient.
Let's make it a child class of the master. Add it to the child classes array.
And also set this sound class to our sound cue.
Go to the external content / sounds / ambient sounds / ambient bed directory. Select the sanctuary sound - it will play in the level menu.
We connect to output. It should play in a loop, so we set property looping to true.
Checking.
The background sound for the game is called high rise room - we also connect it.
Set property looping to true and check.
We can simply drag & drop the sound cue data into each of the levels
and everything will work for us, but we will do it a little differently.
Let's create an additional actor, add a new directory, call it world and create a blueprint class in this directory.
Let's inherit from the actor, let's name it BP_AmbientSound. With this blueprint, we will be able to control the SoundCue.
Opening the asset, we need a single component called the audio component.
By default, we do not specify the property sound, we will install it in specific instances.
Drag the blueprint onto the test level scene and set the property sound to SC_GameAmbient.
We need to do the same for the menu level. We open it. We save the test level.
Drag our blueprint BP_AmbientSound to the viewport and specify SC_MenuAmbient in the property sound.
I also did not pay attention: we do not specify attenuation settings in our sound cue.
We have a background sound, so the volume should be the same at any point of the game level.
Let's hear how everything sounds in the game.
Everything works. We can improve the behavior of the sound a bit. Open up the ambient blueprint.
On BeginPlay, we will make the volume of the background sound smoothly increase at startup.
The audio component's function that allows you to do this is called FadeIn.
This function smoothly increases the volume from zero to the volume level we need.
For the test, let's set the value to 10 seconds to feel that the volume really increases smoothly.
Let's set the value less than two seconds. This blueprint is cosmetic. We will not create a c ++ class for it.
If you want, you can do it yourself.